acm journal on computing and cultural heritage,franco niccolucci;enrico gobbetti;livio de luca;holly e. rushmeier;marco callieri;fabio bettio;matteo dellepiane;ruggero pintus;roberto scopigno;fabio marton
acm siglog news,matteo maffei;michael w. mislove;alexandra silva 0001;neha rungta;daniela petrisan;prakash panangaden;mikolaj bojanczyk;neil immerman;ranko lazic;jorge a. pérez
acm sigmobile mob. comput. commun. rev.,bo li 0001;joseph p. macker;charles e. perkins;suman banerjee;nitin h. vaidya;robin kravets;m. scott corson;romit roy choudhury;ahmed helmy;james c. lin
acm sigplan notices,chung-kwong yuen;brian l. meek;henry g. baker;ming-yuan zhu;baowen xu;g. alan creak;peter kokol;thomas w. christopher;chris clark;paul frenger
acm trans. access. comput.,nilanjan sarkar;joanna mcgrenere;matt huenerfauth;jonathan lazar;leah findlater;andrew sears;richard e. ladner;jacob o. wobbrock;vicki l. hanson;kathleen f. mccoy
acm trans. asian lang. inf. process.,noriko kando;kam-fai wong;kentaro inui;eiichiro sumita;jianfeng gao;gary geunbae lee;chung-hsien wu;tetsuya sakai;jun'ichi tsujii;hitoshi isahara
acm trans. asian low resour. lang. inf. process.,min zhang 0005;zhengtao yu 0001;masao utiyama;chengqing zong;chenchen ding;guodong zhou;jiajun zhang;seung-hoon na;eiichiro sumita;pushpak bhattacharyya
acm trans. inf. syst. secur.,elisa bertino;peng ning;trent jaeger;pierangela samarati;sushil jajodia;ravi s. sandhu;elena ferrari;ninghui li;michael k. reiter;sabrina de capitani di vimercati
acm trans. math. softw.,jennifer a. scott;jack j. dongarra;bo kågström;fred t. krogh;john r. rice;iain s. duff;timothy a. davis 0001;robert j. renka;john k. reid;robert a. van de geijn
acm trans. multim. comput. commun. appl.,james she;abdulmotaleb el-saddik;tao mei 0001;wei tsang ooi;mohamed hefeeda;changsheng xu;shuicheng yan;mohan s. kankanhalli;tat-seng chua;yong rui
acm trans. priv. secur.,davide balzarotti;zhanyong tang;elisa bertino;ivan martinovic;yongdae kim;kasper bonne rasmussen;lucky onwuzurike;juhwan noh;luca viganò 0001;angelos d. keromytis
acm trans. reconfigurable technol. syst.,wayne luk;george a. constantinides;peter y. k. cheung;vaughn betz;jonathan rose;jason helge anderson;paul chow;alan d. george;andré dehon;marco d. santambrogio
acm trans. spatial algorithms syst.,maria luisa damiani;lars kulik;walid g. aref;tanzima hashem;egemen tanin;pankaj k. agarwal;timos sellis;liang zhao 0002;petrus c. martens;dieter pfoser
acml,kazumi saito;masashi sugiyama;truyen tran 0001;hsuan-tien lin;masahiro kimura;hiroshi motoda;kouzou ohara;aapo hyvärinen;svetha venkatesh;dinh q. phung
acta cybern.,jános demetrovics;zoltán ésik;vu duc thi;andrás kocsor;pál dömösi;balázs imreh;józsef dombi;zoltán fülöp 0001;alexander meduna;andrás ádám
active learning and experimental design @ aistats,lehel csató;zhuang wang;haidong shi;chris lovell;eugene tuv;zsolt minier;yukun chen;j. xie;katharina morik;gavin c. cawley
ad hoc sens. wirel. networks,shaojie tang;mohammad s. obaidat;yang xiao 0001;dharma p. agrawal;xiang-yang li 0001;huadong ma;jizhong zhao;jie wu 0001;evangelos kranakis;jelena v. misic
adv. complex syst.,dietrich stauffer;anita mehta;peter f. stadler;dirk helbing;lansun chen;daniel polani;ricard v. solé;claudio j. tessone;frank schweitzer;eric bonabeau
adv. comput.,marjan asadinia;pethuru raj;hal berghel;ganesh chandra deka;hamid sarbazi-azad;atif m. memon;ali r. hurson;marvin v. zelkowitz;veljko milutinovic;ben lee
adv. comput. res.,ravi b. boppana;shafi goldwasser;michael ben-or;ronald l. greenberg;david scott warren;oded goldreich 0001;alessandro d'atri;rafael hirschfeld;michael sipser;miklós ajtai
adv. math. commun.,patrick solé;michael kiermaier;claude carlet;masaaki harada;sihem mesnager;steven t. dougherty;michael j. jacobson jr.;konstantinos drakakis;olof heden;daniele bartoli
adv. softw. eng.,michel r. dagenais;wilhelm meding;giulio concas;luiz fernando capretz;osamu mizuno;miroslaw staron;dinesh kumar verma;steve counsell;chin-yu huang;priyanka mekala
advanced database systems,yann dupont;elisa bertino;george karabatis;ming-syan chen;bharat k. bhargava;yelena yesha;david w. flater;shashi k. gadia;markus tresch;amit p. sheth
ai matters,iolanda leite;eric eaton;sven koenig;larry r. medsker;michael rovatsos;yolanda gil;amy mcgovern;todd w. neller;marion neumann;nicholas mattei
aistats,michael i. jordan;yoshua bengio;max welling;geoffrey j. gordon;carlos guestrin;david m. blei;zoubin ghahramani;tony jebara;john shawe-taylor;eric p. xing
algorithmic oper. res.,ralf klasing;santosh n. kabadi;katta g. murty;vangelis th. paschos;gregory z. gutin;tamás terlaky;christian laforest;juraj hromkovic;g. s. r. murthy;anders yeo
am. j. comput. math.,nong pan;faheem khan;manisha patel;ranjan kumar mohanty;takayuki fujii;a. romkes;yuki kawahara;n. m. bujurke;xuzhou chen;ailin qian
ann. oper. res.,michel gendreau;liang liang 0001;laureano f. escudero;gilbert laporte;edmund k. burke;panos m. pardalos;zvi drezner;silvano martello;herwig bruneel;fred w. glover
ann. umcs informatica,elzbieta smolka;pawel mikolajczak;miroslaw hajder;wieslawa kuniszyk-józkowiak;pawel dymora;zbigniew kotulski;waldemar suszynski;krzysztof sapiecha;vasyl ustimenko;miroslaw mazurek
ansi x2h2,krishna g. kulkarni;jonathan bauer;mike kelley;jim melton
ansi x3h2,krishna g. kulkarni;cetin ozbutun;jonathan bauer;david beech;phil shaw;jim melton
appia-gulp-prode,alessandra di pierro;andrea omicini;alberto policriti;sascha ossowski;marco temperini;agostino dovier;roberta gori;baudouin le charlier;gianluca amato;thom w. frühwirth
appl. artif. intell.,mitsuru ishizuka;andrea omicini;shichao zhang;stefano a. cerri;robert trappl;chengqi zhang;nicholas r. jennings;jan treur;ephraim nissan;saso dzeroski
artif. life,stefano nolfi;hiroki sayama;kenneth o. stanley;mark a. bedau;steen rasmussen;carlos gershenson;christoph adami;charles ofria;larry bull;takashi ikegami
asia pac. j. oper. res.,myoung-ju park;jinjiang yuan;naihua xiu;yiwei jiang;srinivas r. chakravarthy;liwei zhang;lingfa lu;ji-bo wang;byung-cheon choi;chin-chia wu
auton. robots,darwin g. caldwell;dario floreano;shigeo hirose;nathan michael;daniela rus;roland siegwart;paolo dario;george a. bekey;vijay kumar 0001;geoffrey a. hollinger
big data res.,tania cerquitelli;mohammed khalaf;sabeur aridhi;fabio pulvirenti;george k. karagiannidis;sherif sakr;paolo garza;guoliang li 0001;mohammad naimur rahman;hissam tawfik
biodata min.,casey s. greene;sarah a. pendergrass;dominik heider;alison a. motsinger-reif;jason h. moore;ryan j. urbanowicz;james d. malley;marylyn d. ritchie;scott m. williams;scott m. dudek
brains/ws-affin@ami,andreas holzinger;fariba sadri;otilia kocsis;chrysanthi tziortzioti;ioannis chatzigiannakis;sten hanke;aris s. lalos;dimitrios amaxilatis;konstantinos moustakas;georgios mylonas
bus. inf. syst. eng.,hans ulrich buhl;robert winter 0001;thomas hess;jan vom brocke;martin bichler;oliver hinz;armin heinzl;wil m. p. van der aalst;peter loos;jan marco leimeister
calculemus,patrick f. smith;geoff w. hamilton;david delahaye;fausto giunchiglia;andreas franke 0001;mateja jamnik;alessandro armando;martin pollet;koji nakagawa;volker sorge
chic. j. theor. comput. sci.,eric allender;ashley montanaro;oded regev 0001;yehuda lindell;john watrous;thomas thierauf;meena mahajan;moshe y. vardi;frederic green;vikraman arvind
clei electron. j.,sergio nesmachnow;benjamín barán;luca cernuzzi;alejandro zunino;magalí gonzález;cristian mateos;ernst l. leiss;josé aguilar 0001;héctor cancela;gabriela marín
clei selected papers,alejandra cechich;raúl mazo;mauricio ayala-rincón;hugo arboleda;benjamín barán;everton alvares cherman;héctor cancela;josé aguilar 0001;j. andres montoya;daniel calegari
cmcs,jan j. m. m. rutten;corina cîrstea;bart jacobs 0001;john power;jiri velebil;neil ghani;jirí adámek;alexander kurz 0001;marina lenisa;dirk pattinson
colt,satyen kale;peter grünwald;wojciech kotlowski;vitaly feldman;aleksandrs slivkins;sébastien bubeck;cynthia rudin;sham m. kakade;shie mannor;elad hazan
complex adapt. syst. model.,michael j. north;qaisar javaid;matteo convertino;qasim ali chaudhry;nazir ahmad zafar;anatoly temkin;daniel abitz;muaz a. niazi;munam ali shah;bahjat fatima
compulog newsletter,michael ley
comput. artif. intell.,ephraim nissan;péter kacsuk;patrick brézillon;ján kollár;jan hlavicka;jozef kelemen;gheorghe paun;alain verschoren;timothy k. shih;baozong yuan
comput. chem. eng.,jay h. lee;lorenz t. biegler;christos t. maravelias;efstratios n. pistikopoulos;fengqi you;ignacio e. grossmann;wolfgang marquardt;christodoulos a. floudas;rafiqul gani;gintaras v. reklaitis
comput. electron. agric.,daoliang li;yubin lan;tomas norton;guoqiang zhang;qin zhang 0012;yong he 0001;naoshi kondo;fernando alfredo auat cheeín;manoj karkee;özgür kisi
comput. graph. x,marco agus;kai hormann;enrico gobbetti;graham johnson;javier f. garnica molina;magda schwarzl;marc neveu;jan ondrej;jean-luc baril;pierre j. magistretti
comput. inf. sci.,natarajan meghanathan;malek mouhoub;xianglong tang;mingtao shi;hamidah ibrahim;olusegun folorunso;jusoff hj. kamaruzaman;amir mohamed talib;aliaa a. a. youssif;rusli abdullah
comput. informatics,eva chovancová;kazimierz wiatr;szymon grabowski;jacek kitowski;krzysztof zielinski;ladislav hluchý;ning wang;ahmed m. khedr;mária bieliková;ernest jamro
comput. phys. commun.,l. g. s. duarte;xinyuan wu;zhongcheng wang;wolfhard janke;mehdi dehghan 0002;jong-shinn wu;aiichiro nakano;andrzej daniluk;l. a. c. p. da mota;thomas hahn
comput. sci. res. dev.,daniel molka;uwe breitenbücher;wolfgang e. nagel;frank leymann;bernhard mitschang;manuel f. dolz;thomas ludwig 0002;enrique s. quintana-ortí;timo minartz;julian m. kunkel
comput. syst.,ann wollrath;matt bishop;graham d. parrington;jim waldo;bjarne stroustrup;rob pike;sathis menon;jonathan m. smith;raphael a. finkel;claude kaiser
computer vision, a reference guide,sven j. dickinson;bastian goldluecke;bo zheng;rajeev ramanath;peter f. sturm;stephen lin;ying nian wu;mark s. drew;zhengyou zhang;jan j. koenderink
computers and artificial intelligence,dietmar seipel
concurr. comput. pract. exp.,jack j. dongarra;marlon e. pierce;hai zhuge;hai jin 0001;bruno schulze;jinjun chen;geoffrey c. fox;rajkumar buyya;omer f. rana;yang xiang 0001
concurr. pract. exp.,vaidy s. sunderam;mark baker;amir averbuch;jack j. dongarra;michael philippsen;casiano rodríguez;david w. walker;bryan carpenter;henri e. bal;geoffrey c. fox
constraint programming,françois fages;ugo montanari;alexander bockmayr;baudouin le charlier;yves deville;michel rueher;gert smolka;antoine rauzy;francesca rossi;frédéric benhamou
cryptogr.,mitchell t. martin;saleh mulhem;jim plusquellic;fareena saqib;satoshi iriyama;venkata k. kajuluri;wael adi;ayoub mars;wenjie che;elham kashefi
cryptologia,cipher a. deavours;john f. dooley;chris christensen;greg e. mellen;jan bury;louis kruh;klaus schmeh;brian j. winkel;ralph erskine;david kahn
ctcs,maria emilia maietti;glynn winskel;masahito hasegawa;sun meng;jiri velebil;paul taylor 0002;esfandiar haghverdi;jirí adámek;stefan milius;j. robin b. cockett
d lib mag.,william y. arms;henry m. gladney;carl lagoze;stuart weibel;lorcan dempsey;edward a. fox;michael l. nelson;paolo manghi;herbert van de sompel;bonita wilson
data mining and knowledge discovery handbook,oded maimon;shahar cohen;vicenç torra;jerzy w. grzymala-busse;zhongfei (mark) zhang;hong yao;jean-françois boulicaut;gautam das 0001;michalis vazirgiannis;lior rokach
datenbank-spektrum,kai-uwe sattler;bernhard seeger;bernhard mitschang;erhard rahm;theo härder;andreas henrich;alfons kemper;andreas heuer 0001;gunter saake;wolfgang lehner
decis. support syst.,jae kyu lee;h. raghav rao;indranil bose;clyde w. holsapple;andrew b. whinston;selwyn piramuthu;dursun delen;wei zhou 0001;james r. marsden;hsinchun chen
des. autom. embed. syst.,srinivas devadas;petru eles;jan madsen;kiyoung choi;ahmed amine jerraya;tae-sun chung;reinaldo a. bergamaschi;wolfgang rosenstiel;nikil d. dutt;francky catthoor
dialogue discourse,david schlangen;iulian vlad serban;svetlana stoyanchev;hannes rieser;eleni gregoromichelaki;ted sanders;matthew purver;massimo poesio;jacqueline evers-vermeul;xuchen yao
digit. investig.,bruce j. nikkel;frank breitinger;ibrahim m. baggili;eoghan casey;kim-kwang raymond choo;mourad debbabi;graeme horsman;sangjin lee;peter sommer;zeno j. m. h. geradts
discret. event dyn. syst.,jean-louis boimond;alessandro giua;spyros a. reveliotis;yu-chi ho;yorai wardi;sébastien lahaye;stéphane lafortune;xi-ren cao;christos g. cassandras;walter murray wonham
dyn. games appl.,eitan altman;sylvain sorin;meir pachter;jacek miekisz;panagiotis tsiotras;ross cressman;ngo van long;mark broom;jan rychtár;tamer basar
eai endorsed trans. e learn.,jaime meza;stefania pasanisi;nicoletta adamo-villani;andrea pandurino;leonardo caporarello;josep maria monguet;james braman;debbie holley;roberto paiano;anna lisa guido
eai endorsed trans. energy web,valeriy vyatkin;a. v. bobryakov;zahid wadud;shchasiana arhun;nadeem javaid;arshad sher;svitlana ponikarovska;vyacheslav v. potekhin;sheeraz ahmed;joão luiz afonso
eai endorsed trans. wirel. spectr.,chao lu 0002;bo li 0004;cheng guo;behrouz maham;zhongjiang yan;james h. nguyen;wei yu 0002;jin zhang;mohammad mahfuz;daniel t. ku
elearn mag.,bob little;lisa neal;lisa neal gualtieri;roger c. schank;karl m. kapp;mark notess;lisa gualtieri;michael feldstein;rick raymer;alison a. carr-chellman
electron. commer. res.,j. christopher westland;jianshan sun;xi chen 0037;shiguo lian;katina michael;jian mou;prithviraj dasgupta;jason f. cohen;amy greenwald;jongsung kim
electron. gov. an int. j.,emad abu-shanab;jyoti choudrie;yogesh kumar dwivedi;kongkiti phusavat;pornthep anussornnitisarn;binshan lin;alan d. smith;vishanth weerakkody;petter gottschalk;gary p. moynihan
electron. j. comb.,william y. c. chen;andrás gyárfás;jeffrey b. remmel;raphael yuster;edward a. bender;alan m. frieze;david r. wood;michael krivelevich;yeong-nan yeh;toufik mansour
electron. mark.,stefan klein 0002;hubert österle;rolf t. wigand;hans-dieter zimmermann;robert j. kauffman;karen heyden;dorian selz;thomas hess;beat f. schmid;rainer alt
electron. notes discret. math.,celina m. h. de figueiredo;rudolf ahlswede;jaroslav nesetril;marisa gutierrez;nenad mladenovic;yoshiharu kohayakawa;oriol serra;guillermo durán;jayme luiz szwarcfiter;graciela l. nasini
electron. notes theor. comput. sci.,ugo montanari;carlos canal;ernesto pimentel;mirko viroli;antonio brogi;reiko heckel;josé meseguer;hartmut ehrig;farhad arbab;salvador lucas
embedded systems handbook,françoise simonot-lion;thomas weigert;claudio passerone;davide bertozzi;stefan dulman;paul j. m. havinga;shashidhar gandham;supriyo chatterjea;ravi musunuri;luciano lavagno
encyclopedia of algorithms,camil demetrescu;weili wu;paolo ferragina;xiang-yang li 0001;paul g. spirakis;nikhil bansal;sotiris e. nikoletseas;paul (pavlos) spirakis;giuseppe f. italiano;leah epstein
encyclopedia of artificial intelligence,somasheker akkaladevi;enrique fernández-blanco;qiyang chen;monica mordonini;lei xu 0001;john wang 0001;stefano cagnoni;radu mutihac;xin (robert) luo;mónica miguélez rico
encyclopedia of big data technologies,philippe cudré-mauroux;róbert pálovics;christof fetzer;behrooz parhami;meikel poess;martin hirzel;pramod bhatotia;andrás a. benczúr;levente kocsis;bingsheng he
encyclopedia of biometrics,yung-hui li;karthik nandakumar;marios savvides;raul sánchez-reillo;john daugman;mitsutoshi himaga;stan z. li;julian fiérrez;arun ross;jie tian 0001
encyclopedia of complexity and systems science,henrik jeldtoft jensen;dietrich stauffer;muhammad sahimi;james a. s. kelso;shlomo havlin;ovidiu ivanciuc;andrew adamatzky;yehuda ben-zion;warren e. dixon;boris s. kerner
encyclopedia of computational neuroscience,fidel santamaría;yoonsuck choe;alain destexhe;william r. holmes;david c. sterratt;farzan nadim;michele migliore;padraig gleeson;kim t. blackwell;ted carnevale
encyclopedia of computer graphics and games,krzysztof pietroszek;gabriele d'angelo;mikhail fiadotau;stefano ferretti;sicilia ferreira judice;emily peed;hanno hildmann;newton lee;vlasios kasapakis;mehmet ilker berkman
encyclopedia of cryptography and security,peter landrock;bart preneel;anne canteaut;alex biryukov;friedrich l. bauer;caroline fontaine;christophe de cannière;gerrit bleumer;burton s. kaliski jr.;carlisle adams
encyclopedia of cryptography and security (2nd ed.),bart preneel;anne canteaut;marijke de soete;alex biryukov;friedrich l. bauer;gerrit bleumer;carlisle adams;david naccache;burt kaliski;sabrina de capitani di vimercati
encyclopedia of data warehousing and mining,manel martínez-ramón;gustavo camps-valls;yinghui yang 0001;christophe g. giraud-carrier;alfredo cuzzocrea;esteban zimányi;elzbieta malinowski;zbigniew w. ras;ioannis n. kouris;ladjel bellatreche
encyclopedia of database systems,vassilis j. tsotras;mikael berndtsson;opher etzion;amarnath gupta;nathaniel palmer;jonas mellin;christian s. jensen;josep domingo-ferrer;kazuo goda;richard t. snodgrass
encyclopedia of database systems (2nd ed.),vassilis j. tsotras;mikael berndtsson;opher etzion;kaladhar voruganti;nathaniel palmer;jonas mellin;christian s. jensen;josep domingo-ferrer;kazuo goda;richard t. snodgrass
encyclopedia of gis,nikos mamoulis;liping di;george kollios;chang-tien lu;henry lin;ilya zaslavsky;peter z. revesz;vassilis j. tsotras;mohamed f. mokbel;xiaobo zhou
encyclopedia of information assurance,william hugh murray;ken m. shaurette;bonnie a. goins pilewski;ben rothke;sean m. price;kevin henry 0001;chris hare;mollie e. krehnke;carl b. jackson;todd fitzgerald
encyclopedia of information ethics and security,terry t. kidd;wenbing zhao 0001;pravin shetty;kathleen gray;seng wai loke;mohammad abdolmohammadi;sheng-uei guan;sabah s. al-fedaghi;m. j. warren;ephraim nissan
encyclopedia of information systems,ray hunt;william r. king;hossein bidgoli;ata nahouraii;eduardo gelbstein;magid igbaria;catherine m. ricardo;raymond greenlaw;david l. olson;ming wang
encyclopedia of knowledge management,volker derballa;frank land;clyde w. holsapple;gian piero zarri;david g. schwartz;paul h. j. hendriks;rick l. wilson;william r. king;roberta cuel;kostas s. metaxiotis
encyclopedia of machine learning,kai ming ting;wray l. buntine;johannes fürnkranz;hendrik blockeel;jiawei han 0001;xinhua zhang;xin jin 0001;risto miikkulainen;geoffrey i. webb;claude sammut
encyclopedia of machine learning and data mining,novi quadrianto;kai ming ting;johannes fürnkranz;hendrik blockeel;jiawei han 0001;xinhua zhang;xin jin 0001;risto miikkulainen;geoffrey i. webb;claude sammut
encyclopedia of multimedia,chabane djeraba;abdulmotaleb el-saddik;michael g. strintzis;hari kalva;simone santini;jauvane c. de oliveira;oge marques;rastislav lukac;shervin shirmohammadi;wayne robbins
encyclopedia of optimization,angelo lucia;efstratios n. pistikopoulos;panos m. pardalos;christodoulos a. floudas;georgios e. stavroulakis;ioannis p. androulakis;constantin zopounidis;marianthi g. ierapetritou;anna nagurney;andrás prékopa
encyclopedia of parallel computing,christian lengauer;ahmed h. sameh;guy l. steele jr.;jesper larsson träff;laxmikant v. kalé;robert a. van de geijn;john l. gustafson;jack j. dongarra;david a. padua;piotr luszczek
encyclopedia of portal technologies and applications,ah lian kor;juha kettunen;ulrich remus;roxane bernier;arthur tatnall;tony polgar;jana polgar;lorna uden;kimmo salmenjoki;theodoros evdoridis
encyclopedia of remote sensing,yang du;r. keith raney;david l. glackin;vernon h. singhroy;alain weill;susan moran 0001;william gail;eugene ustinov;christopher ruf;frank s. marzano
encyclopedia of social network analysis and mining,valentina hlebec;pascal hitzler;germà coenders;marc a. smith;theodoros tzouramanis;lluís coromina;tina kogovsek;przemyslaw kazienko;tomasz kajdanowicz;vladimir batagelj
encyclopedia of social network analysis and mining. 2nd ed.,valentina hlebec;jae c. oh;huan liu 0001;theodoros tzouramanis;monika cerinsek;przemyslaw kazienko;vladimir batagelj;hervé abdi;bruce e. trumbo;didi surian
encyclopedia of software engineering,richard e. fairley;donald f. shafer;emil vassev;valentine casey;david w. binkley;jim duggan;roy sterritt;mike hinchey;christof ebert;ina schieferdecker
encyclopedia of systems and control,miroslav krstic;lars grüne;andrew packard;panos j. antsaklis;frederick e. daum;alessandro astolfi;harry l. trentelman;christos g. cassandras;gary j. balas;j. david powell
encyclopedia of wireless and mobile communications,abdulmotaleb el-saddik;dharma p. agrawal;charles chien;syed ahson;lal c. godara;watit benjapolakul;saso tomazic;gopal racherla;mohammad ilyas;igor d. d. curcio
entertain. comput.,rainer malaka;alessandro de gloria;dennis reidsma;riccardo berta;francesco bellotti;anton nijholt;fabrizio lamberti;antonio l. furtado;helmut hlavacs;bruno feijó
eth zurich, department of computer science / technical report,markus tresch
expert syst. appl.,ohbyung kwon;king lun choy;dirk van den poel;witold pedrycz;loris nanni;tzung-pei hong;shu-hsien liao 0001;shyi-ming chen;alessandra lumini;so young sohn
express,iain phillips 0001;catuscia palamidessi;sibylle b. fröschle;flavio corradini;roberto m. amadio;jos c. m. baeten;daniele gorla;uwe nestmann;jens chr. godskesen;philippe schnoebelen
finite fields their appl.,qiang wang 0012;igor e. shparlinski;wen-feng qi;xiang-dong hou;cunsheng ding;lei hu;qin yue;daniele bartoli;xiangyong zeng;ferruh özbudak
found. trends commun. inf. theory,ezio biglieri;holger boche;emanuele viterbo;neri merhav;eduard a. jorswieck;sergio verdú;h. vincent poor;frédérique e. oggier;raymond w. yeung;shlomo shamai
found. trends electron. des. autom.,roberto passerone;srinivas devadas;puneet gupta;wing-hung ki;zhihao jiang;fanxin kong;alberto l. sangiovanni-vincentelli;diana marculescu;victor costan;ilia a. lebedev
found. trends netw.,emina soljanin;matteo berioli;robert w. heath jr.;bartlomiej blaszczyszyn;anthony ephremides;françois baccelli;ian f. akyildiz;roger wattenhofer;chee-wei tan 0001;christina fragouli
found. trends stoch. syst.,ger koole;gennady samorodnitsky;kumar muthuraman;sunil kumar;jerzy a. filar
frontiers blockchain,sarah manski;oskar j. gstrein;philipp g. sandner;jason potts;horst treiblmaier;tomaso aste;geoff goodell;chris berg;massimo bartoletti;henry kim
frontiers robotics ai,darwin g. caldwell;sanja dogramadzi;ali sadeghi;hiroshi ishiguro;alessio mondini;tadahiro taniguchi;antonio chella;elena de momi;mel slater;lorenzo natale
frontiers virtual real.,claudia martin calderon;barbara zangerl;mario lorenz 0001;glen debard;gustavo balbinot;séamas weech;marilley nohely bonilla;ross t. smith;john j. jeka;zillah watson
fsdm,timothy a. gonsalves;robin gras;louis wehenkel;huan liu 0001;pierre geurts;michael demel;vladimir martyanov;zheng zhao;hiroshi motoda;rudy setiono
fundam. inform.,teodor c. przymusinski;joachim biskup
fundam. informaticae,james f. peters;manfred kudlek;chin-chen chang 0001;gheorghe paun;grzegorz rozenberg;zbigniew suraj;andrzej skowron;maciej koutny;ludwik czaja;wojciech penczek
future internet,costas zafiropoulos;symeon papavassiliou;jingsha he;muhammad salman pathan;wenfeng shen;eduardo fernández-medina;erol gelenbe;mirko duradoni;vasileios gkioulos;andrea guazzini
gaussian processes in practice,jarno vanhatalo;pieter van dorst;daniel polani;simon rogers;dan cornford;kim steenstrup pedersen;marco loog;cédric archambeau;aki vehtari;manfred opper
geoinformatica,dieter pfoser;walid g. aref;christian s. jensen;ralf hartmut güting;feng chen 0001;nikos mamoulis;mohamed f. mokbel;patrick bergougnoux;cyrus shahabi;chang-tien lu
getmobile mob. comput. commun.,prabal dutta;tanzeem choudhury;shyamnath gollakota;iqbal mohomed;khai n. truong;nilanjan banerjee;xia zhou;shiwen mao;julie a. kientz;robin kravets
gov. inf. q.,harold c. relyea;john carlo bertot;josé ramón gil-garcía;marijn janssen;paul t. jaeger;charles d. bernholz;claudene sproles;christopher g. reddick;debbie l. rabina;john a. shuler
gte laboratories incorporated,frank manola;joe d. morrison;mark f. hornick;alejandro p. buchmann;sandra heiler;benjamin hurwitz;michael l. brodie;michael stonebraker;dimitrios georgakopoulos;farshad nayeri
handbook of algorithms for physical design automation,kia bazargan;cliff c. n. sze;haoxing ren;gabriel robins;jiang hu;martin d. f. wong;dinesh p. mehta;david z. pan;chris c. n. chu;sachin s. sapatnekar
handbook of algorithms for wireless networking and mobile computing,mona el-kadi rizvi;gang ding;eduardo freire nakamura;yun wu;viktor k. prasanna;carlos mauricio s. figueiredo;azzedine boukerche;hossam s. hassanein;antonio a. f. loureiro;hussein t. mouftah
handbook of ambient assisted living,juan jimenez garcia;michael john;juan carlos augusto;arantxa rentería;reiner wichert;lenka lhotská;michael huch;sonja müller;harald klaus;thomas königsmann
handbook of approximation algorithms and metaheuristics,thomas stützle;christian blum 0001;alexander zelikovsky;edward g. coffman jr.;ion i. mandoiu;jános csirik;giorgio ausiello;teofilo f. gonzalez;joseph y.-t. leung;pablo moscato
handbook of automation,friedrich pinnekamp;peter c. patton;juan diego velásquez;rudiyanto gunawan;birgit graf;robert s. parker;dean f. lamiano;darwin g. caldwell;xin w. chen;shimon y. nof
handbook of bioinspired algorithms and applications,jürgen branke;nouredine melab;alioune ngom;xin-she yang 0001;enrique alba;arlindo silva;albert y. zomaya;sanghamitra bandyopadhyay;el-ghazali talbi;ujjwal maulik
handbook of computational intelligence,christian blum 0001;radko mesiar;roman slowinski;milan vlach;davide ciucci;humberto bustince;patricia melin;salvatore greco;oscar castillo 0001;alessandro sperduti
handbook of computational social choice,vincent conitzer;nicolas maudet;rolf niedermeier;william thomson;bettina klaus;georgios chalkiadakis;jérôme lang;ulle endriss;felix brandt 0001;ariel d. procaccia
handbook of constraint programming,carla p. gomes;ian p. gent;christian bessiere;david a. cohen;thom w. frühwirth;christian schulte 0001;peter van beek;manolis koubarakis;francesca rossi;toby walsh
handbook of data structures and applications,srinivas aluru;sartaj sahni;c. pandu rangan;giuseppe f. italiano;camil demetrescu;irene finocchi;ross m. mcconnell;dinesh p. mehta;michael t. goodrich;s. s. iyengar 0001
handbook of database security,sharad mehrotra;dongyi li;vijayalakshmi atluri;pierangela samarati;sushil jajodia;sara foresti;ragib hasan;radu sion;marianne winslett;sabrina de capitani di vimercati
handbook of discrete and combinatorial mathematics,jeffrey o. shallit;joseph r. barr;jianer chen;david simchi-levi;sunil chopra;bruce l. golden;edward a. bender;jay yellen;peter r. turner;paul k. stockmeyer
handbook of discrete and computational geometry, 2nd ed.,dan halperin;günter m. ziegler;martin e. dyer;chandrajit l. bajaj;piotr indyk;jános pach;marjorie senechal;egon schulte;joseph o'rourke;jürgen richter-gebert
handbook of document image processing and recognition,bong-kee sin;karl tombre;dimosthenis karatzas;basilis gatos;ernest valveny;jean-marc ogier;tong lu;nicola nobile;henry s. baird;abdel belaïd
handbook of dynamic data driven applications systems,a. korobenko;asok ray;luca carlone;sertac karaman;allan axelrod;shuvra s. bhattacharyya;yuri bazilevs;nurali virani;sai ravela;erik blasch
handbook of dynamic system modeling,e. seegyoung seol;lee schruben;pieter j. mosterman;peter m. a. sloot;clive l. dym;patrick coquillard;jacobus e. rooda;benjamin frantzdale;david r. c. hill;paul a. fishwick
handbook of elliptic and hyperelliptic curve cryptography,nicolas thériault;frederik vercauteren;gerhard frey;christophe doche;sylvain duquesne;bertrand byramjee;andrew weigl;tanja lange 0001;roberto maria avanzi;david lubicz
handbook of energy-aware and green computing,georgios varsamopoulos;minghong lin;chris gniady;stephen w. poole;sandeep k. s. gupta;j. kevin hicks;yiran chen;paul r. brenner;lachlan l. h. andrew;johnatan e. pecero
handbook of financial cryptography and security,serdar pehlivanoglu;george danezis;robin wilton;reihaneh safavi-naini;stefan katzenbeisser 0001;nicholas paul sheppard;christian wachsmann;radu sion;paul f. syverson;mohammad torabi dashti
handbook of finite state based models and applications,nadia nedjah;sheng yu 0001;luiza de macedo mourelle;viktor k. prasanna;rana barua;wojciech penczek;murali mani;javier baliosian;alex thomo;jozef gruska
handbook of formal languages (1),alexandru mateescu;jean-michel autebert;arto salomaa;sheng yu 0001;luc boasson;juhani karhumäki;jean-eric pin;stavros konstantinidis;christian choffrut;gheorghe paun
handbook of formal languages (2),juraj hromkovic;dominique perrin;arto salomaa;alberto apostolico;christophe hancart;jürgen dassow;solomon marcus;thomas head;gheorghe paun;grzegorz rozenberg
handbook of formal languages (3),joost engelfriet;karel culik ii;volker diekert;yves métivier;matthias jantzen;aravind k. joshi;wolfgang thomas;yves schabes;magnus steinby;jim hanan
handbook of genetic programming applications,conor ryan;omid bozorg haddad;a. nur zincir-heywood;pijush samui;purva goel;jeannie fitzgerald;josé carlos bregieiro ribeiro;leszek ciopinski;sebastián ventura;penousal machado
handbook of graph drawing and visualization,walter didimo;ioannis g. tollis;michael jünger;ulrik brandes;carsten gutwenger;markus chimani;giuseppe di battista;petra mutzel;stephen g. kobourov;giuseppe liotta
handbook of hardware/software codesign,petru eles;jürgen teich;soonhoi ha;rainer dömer;michael glaß;sebastian ottlik;aviral shrivastava;rolf ernst;shuvra s. bhattacharyya;andreas gerstlauer
handbook of heuristics,pablo moscato;thomas stützle;josé fernando gonçalves;marc sevaux;paola festa;rafael martí;rubén ruiz;mauricio g. c. resende;kenneth sörensen;abraham duarte
handbook of human computation,kristina lerman;kshanti a. greene;winter mason;michael j. witbrock;remco chang;dan thomsen;chris lintott;matthew blumberg;pietro michelucci;jason t. reed
handbook of information and communication security,úlfar erlingsson;ibrahim khalil;jiankun hu;david llewellyn-jones;theodosis dimitrakos;frank piessens;apostolos argyris;eric filiol;neerja bhatnagar;teodoro cipresso
handbook of knowledge representation,frank van harmelen;carla p. gomes;jonas kvarnström;john f. sowa;gerhard lakemeyer;david a. plaisted;leora morgenstern;jochen renz;peter van beek;francesca rossi
handbook of mathematical methods in imaging,athanassios s. fokas;kun wang;vicent caselles;charles byrne;brett borden;fionn murtagh;otmar scherzer;eric todd quinto;ole christensen;tony f. chan
handbook of medical and healthcare technologies,ankur agarwal;abdulmotaleb el-saddik;mirjana pavlovic;v. sree hari rao;dimitrios k. lymberopoulos;bela balint;faiz fatteh;siya lozanova;borko furht;john mayfield
handbook of mixed membership models and their applications,jonathan m. bischof;katherine a. heller;april galyardt;daniel heinz;david m. blei;eric p. xing;michael i. jordan;edoardo m. airoldi;elena a. erosheva;daniel manrique-vallier
handbook of mobile data privacy,florian schaub;francesca pratesi;jameson l. toole;ashwin machanavajjhala;dino pedreschi;claudio bettini;sarah spiekermann-hoff;sushant agarwal;vana kalogeraki;claude castelluccia
handbook of model checking,rajeev alur;cas cremers;armin biere;sanjit a. seshia;andrey rybalchenko;andreas podelski;joël ouaknine;kim guldstrand larsen;dennis dams;ranjit jhala
handbook of natural computing,jing dang;jacques mazoyer;natasa jonoska;günter rudolph;david w. corne;gheorghe paun;gary b. fogel;masami hagiya;andrew adamatzky;fumiaki tanaka
handbook of natural language processing,cliff goddard;jacques savoy;nancy l. green;david yarowsky;anne abeillé;ellen riloff;robert dale;joakim nivre;david d. palmer;li deng 0001
handbook of parallel computing,sanguthevar rajasekaran;alok n. choudhary;jianwei li;guojing cong;christos kaklamanis;david a. bader;albert y. zomaya;stephan olariu;wei-keng liao;ioannis caragiannis
handbook of real-time and embedded systems,joseph y.-t. leung;pascal raymond;alan burns;sten f. andler;andy j. wellings;insup lee;manfred broy;sang hyuk son;lisa cingiser dipippo;krithi ramamritham
handbook of research on computational forensics, digital crime, and investigation,stephen g. macdonell;paolo gubian;stefan katzenbeisser 0001;francesca uccheddu;emanuele maiorana;cosimo anglano;francesco picchioni;michael y. k. kwan;k. p. chow;hong cai
handbook of research on computer mediated communication,vincent cicchirillo;michael stefanone;zane berge;mauri collins;anita l. blanchard;joey f. george;rosanna e. guadagno;eric t. meyer;elisabeth pankl;fay sudweeks
handbook of research on digital libraries,f. javier zarazaga-soria;javier nogueras-iso;schubert foo;mara nikolaidou;shun-hong sie;dion hoe-lian goh;yin leng theng;gerald schaefer;jin-cheon na;andreas rauber
handbook of research on ubiquitous computing technology for real time enterprises,matthias winkler;burkhard stiller;dirk schnelle;alistair p. barros;erwin aitenbichler;tobias straub;rama gurram;andreas heinemann;samir raiyani;gerhard austaller
handbook of scheduling,joseph y.-t. leung;sartaj sahni;george l. vairaktarakis;eric pinson;anand srinivasan;philippe baptiste;james h. anderson;philip holman;vadim g. timkovsky;jacques carlier
handbook of science and technology convergence,bruce tonn;j. tinsley oden;r. p. h. chang;chen wang;william sims bainbridge;christopher hartshorn;mihail c. roco;matthew hsu;andy miah;jennifer m. shanahan
handbook of semantic web technologies,frank van harmelen;rudi studer;carole a. goble;stamatia dasiopoulou;sung-kook han;mark birbeck;lyndon j. b. nixon;john domingue;ioan toma;fabien l. gandon
handbook of signal processing systems,sun-yuan kung;kiarash amiri;ed f. deprettere;christian haubelt;tong zhang 0002;liang-gee chen;holger blume;marco mattavelli;florian brandner;andrew c. singer
handbook of social network technologies,thorsten strufe;jean-daniel fekete;cheng-zen yang;yu-ru lin;hari sundaram;yue xu;marcel karnstedt;elisa jayne bienenstock;jason j. jung;krzysztof rzadca
handbook of soft computing for video surveillance,sergio canazza;christopher king;claudio piciarelli;alfredo petrosino;raphael grech;alessio ferone;daniele nardi;santanu chaudhury;sankar k. pal;thierry bouwmans
handbook of spatial logics,philippe balbiani;steven vickers;johan van benthem;ruaan kellerman;marco aiello 0001;ian pratt-hartmann;hajnal andréka;ivo düntsch;dimiter vakarelov;valentin goranko
handbook of temporal reasoning in artificial intelligence,alfonso gerevini;marc denecker;michael fisher 0001;kristof van belleghem;hajime yoshino 0001;yuval shahar;michael gelfond;alessandro artale;thomas drakengren;lluís vila
handbook of virtual environments, 2nd ed.,david l. jones;roberto k. champney;meredith b. carroll;kelly s. hale;robert c. kennedy;mary lou padgett;behrang keshavarz;richard a. blade;kay m. stanney;ben d. lawson
handbook of visual display technology,ian underwood;jack silver;stephen westland;vasudevan lakshminarayanan;karlheinz blankenbach;mervyn rose;jannick p. rolland;mark fihn;jyrki kimmel;robert earl patterson
handbook on data centers,viktor k. prasanna;ariel oleksiak;sajjad ahmad madani;rajiv ranjan;keqin li 0001;lizhe wang;luis javier garcía-villalba;samee u. khan;ana lucila sandoval orozco;samee ullah khan
handbuch industrie 4.0 (1),lisa forstner;peter liggesmeyer;thomas kirks;thomas bürger;jana jost;dieter steegmüller;wilhelm bauer;andreas bildstein;marcus defranceski;franz-josef hoffmann
handbuch industrie 4.0 (2),christian diedrich;tobias voigt;dorothea pantförder;arndt lüder;marta sabou;dietmar winkler 0001;richard mordinyi;felix mayer;birgit vogel-heuser;stefan biffl
handbuch industrie 4.0 (3),uwe kubach;kai furmans;zäzilia seibold;ludger overmeyer;simon sohrt;hartmut hirsch-kreinsen;sören kerner;björn eilert;christopher kirsch;michael ten hompel
handbuch industrie 4.0 (4),jens folmer;dominic gorecky;peter tenerowicz-wirth;birgit vogel-heuser;niels fallenbeck;thomas kaufmann;lisa forstner;eva klenk;henning kagermann;michael henke 0004
hydrology and earth system sciences,oliver gronz;andreas rock;ralf merz;hugo hellebrand;gayane grigoryan;günther heinemann;rita ley;oliver gutjahr;markus casper
hypermedia,wendy hall;ivan tomek;mark h. chignell;duncan langford;catherine plaisant;ben shneiderman;john a. waterworth;patricia wright;hans c. arents;kent l. norman
ibm cambridge scientific center,raymond a. lorie
ibm deutschland gmbh,rudi studer;birgit wesche;claus-rainer rollinger;christopher habel;peter h. schmitt;christoph beierle;roland seiffert;udo pletat;thomas ludwig 0001;simone pribbenow
ibm germany science center, institute for knowledge based systems,egon börger;christoph beierle;thomas ludwig 0001;stefan böttcher;toni bollinger;stefan j. schierholz;peter h. schmitt;ulrike schwall;udo pletat;ulrich hedtstück
icgi,tim oates;colin de la higuera;chihiro shibata;jeffrey heinz;stefan lautenbacher;sicco verwer;janneke van de loo;rémi eyraud;menno van zaanen;ryo yoshinaka
icml on-line trading of exploration and exploitation,louis dorard;steve r. gunn;taesup moon;wei chu;peter auer;anna choromanska;john langford 0001;xuanhui wang;jérémie mary;john shawe-taylor
icml unsupervised and transfer learning,salah rifai;yoshua bengio;yann n. dauphin;alexandru niculescu-mizil;mario frank;joachim m. buhmann;vladimir nikulin;grégoire mesnil;isabelle guyon;tian-hsiang huang
iee proc. softw.,john a. mcdermid;bashar nuseibeh;stephen a. jarvis;gordon s. blair;doo-hwan bae;keith h. bennett;oddur benediktsson;darren dalcher;martin fleury;stan jarzabek
iee proc. softw. eng.,jawed i. a. siddiqi;ian sommerville;divine t. ndumu;peter g. clayton;victor r. lesser;chris r. roast;nicholas r. jennings;alan j. dix;d. wilson;peter a. lindsay
ieee cloud comput.,aniello castiglione;christian esposito;david s. linthicum;kim-kwang raymond choo;joe weinman;massimo villari;albert y. zomaya;rajiv ranjan;mazin yousif;alan sill
ieee commun. stand. mag.,yatin trivedi;xiaodong lin;scott mansfield;glenn parsons;don wright;jose f. monserrat;robert s. fish;toktam mahmoodi;huub van helvoort;todor cooklev
ieee comput. archit. lett.,rami g. melhem;kevin skadron;onur mutlu;avinoam kolodny;lieven eeckhout;uri c. weiser;jung ho ahn;william j. dally;mateo valero;dimitrios soudris
ieee comput. intell. mag.,yew-soon ong;chin-teng lin;hisao ishibuchi;derong liu;pablo a. estévez;haibo he;yaochu jin;kay chen tan;gary g. yen;bernadette bouchon-meunier
ieee control. syst. lett.,sandra hirche;aaron d. ames;fabio pasqualetti;martin steinberger;luca zaccarian;irinel-constantin morarescu;frank allgöwer;franco blanchini;roy s. smith;martin horn
ieee data eng. bull.,michael j. carey 0001;michael j. franklin;hector garcia-molina;joseph m. hellerstein;surajit chaudhuri;betty salzberg;michael stonebraker;per-åke larson;gerhard weikum;david b. lomet
ieee database eng. bull.,don s. batory;matthias jarke;david k. hsiao;stavros christodoulakis;david s. reiner;michael stonebraker;gio wiederhold;won kim 0001;haran boral;randy h. katz
ieee geosci. remote. sens. lett.,mengdao xing;guisheng liao;antonio plaza;yunkai deng;qian du;licheng jiao;robert wang 0001;zheng bao;xian sun;liangpei zhang
ieee internet comput.,charles j. petrie;greg goth;fred douglis;steve vinoski;munindar p. singh;schahram dustdar;vinton g. cerf;amit p. sheth;robert e. filman;michael n. huhns
ieee j. solid state circuits,rui paulo martins;pavan kumar hanumolu;dennis sylvester;kofi a. a. makinwa;michael p. flynn;david t. blaauw;hoi-jun yoo;anantha p. chandrakasan;bram nauta;jan craninckx
ieee trans. emerg. top. comput. intell.,amit konar;hussein a. abbass;wenjian luo;dapeng oliver wu;yaochu jin;kay chen tan;yew-soon ong;hao jiang;mengjie zhang;atulya k. nagar
ieee trans. evol. comput.,yew-soon ong;hisao ishibuchi;mengjie zhang;carlos a. coello coello;gary g. yen;jun zhang 0003;xin yao 0001;kalyanmoy deb;qingfu zhang 0001;yaochu jin
ieee trans. hum. mach. syst.,max mulder;zhiwen yu 0001;bin guo 0001;clark borst;ellen j. bass;marinus maria van paassen;david a. abbink;mary l. cummings;matthew l. bolton;daan marinus pool
ieee trans. ind. electron.,bong-hwan kwon;frede blaabjerg;kouhei ohnishi;chris gerada;kamal al-haddad;josep m. guerrero;johann w. kolar;gun-woo moon;josé r. rodríguez;dianguo xu
ieee trans. medical imaging,max a. viergever;nicholas ayache;dinggang shen;milan sonka;nassir navab;wiro j. niessen;bram van ginneken;daniel rueckert;jeffrey a. fessler;ge wang 0001
ieee trans. mob. comput.,ekram hossain;kang g. shin;guohong cao;zhu han;yuguang fang;xiang-yang li 0001;jianwei huang;yunhao liu;thomas f. la porta;sajal k. das 0001
ieee trans. multi scale comput. syst.,arsalan mosenia;anand raghunathan;susmita sur-kolay;jie han 0001;niraj k. jha;fabrizio lombardi;sudeep pasricha;mingjie lin;mark mohammad tehranipoor;swarup bhunia
ieee trans. prof. commun.,han yu;tatiana batova;cheng zhang 0001;george f. hayhoe;clay spinuzzi;chris lam;joyce karreman;ryan k. boettger;guiseppe getto;rebekka andersen
ieee trans. veh. technol.,dan keun sung;f. richard yu;zhu han;lajos hanzo;hsiao-hwa chen;mohamed-slim alouini;xuemin shen;victor c. m. leung;mohsen guizani;zhiguo ding 0001
iet biom.,norman poh;christian rathgeb;christoph busch;paulo lobato correia;raymond n. j. veldhuis;andreas uhl;luuk j. spreeuwers;raul sánchez-reillo;julian fiérrez;michael c. fairhurst
iet inf. secur.,jim-min lin;feng liu 0001;che wun chiou;debiao he;chiou-yng lee;wen-feng qi;chin-chen chang 0001;vincent rijmen;huaqun wang;mohammad reza aref
iet softw.,mario piattini;mohammad alshayeb;omid bushehrian;paolo tonella;giuseppe scanniello;siffat ullah khan;donal heffernan;sajjad mahmood;mahmood niazi;félix garcía 0001
ifip working conference data base management,e. f. codd
ijet,prachyanun nilsook;santi caballé;martin ebner;georgia kokkalia;samir abou el-seoud;samir bennani;nicola capuano;mohamed khaldi;charilaos tsihouridis;athanasios drigas
ijhcr,samy s. soliman;erdal oruklu;puviyarasi t.;hassanein h. amer;yi qian;in soo ahn;ikhlas abdel-qader;jing wang 0005;rajaguru dayalan;t. vengattaraman
ima j. math. control. inf.,magdi sadek mahmoud;salim ibrir;emilia fridman;silviu-iulian niculescu;leang-san shieh;g. m. bahaa;hugo leiva;jinde cao;jason sheng-hong tsai;genqi xu
ind. robot,brian rooks;robert bogue;yoshihiro kusuda;joanne pransky;john mortimer;anna kochan;christine connolly;qixin cao;j. norberto pires;richard bloss
inf. knowl. syst. manag.,kenneth r. boff;toni farley;thomas a. mazzuchi;william kessler;shahram sarkani;william b. rouse;nong ye;sameer kumar;andrew p. sage;leon f. mcginnis
inf. process. lett.,wojciech rytter;c. pandu rangan;robert endre tarjan;andrzej lingas;chuan yi tang;michel raynal;lih-hsing hsu;gerhard j. woeginger;kurt mehlhorn;fabrizio luccio
inf. secur. j. a glob. perspect.,edward h. freeman;donn b. parker;jim s. tiller;ralph spencer poore;peter stephenson;jeffrey l. ott;harry b. demaio;ken dunham;michael i. sobol;nicolas sklavos
inf. secur. tech. rep.,gary hardy;michael j. ganley;chris sundt;stefek zaba;andy jones;j. stuart broderick;konstantinos markantonakis;chez ciechanowicz;keith mayes;lizzie coles-kemp
inf. vis.,ming c. hao;gennady l. andrienko;niklas elmqvist;chris north;natalia v. andrienko;john t. stasko;daniel a. keim;pak chung wong;andreas kerren;umeshwar dayal
infinity,tayssir touili;tomás vojnar;vojtech rehák;jan strejcek;alain finkel;mojmír kretínský;antonín kucera 0001;ahmed bouajjani;olaf burkart;peter habermehl
inform. forsch. entwickl.,norbert ritter;stefan jablonski;bernhard mitschang;hartmut wedekind;theo härder;peter dadam;peter liggesmeyer;kurt rothermel;albert endres;klaus meyer-wegener
information security management handbook, 6th ed.,lynda l. mcghie;bill stackpole;ed skoudis;chris hare;bonnie a. goins;carl b. jackson;william hugh murray;david c. krehnke;kevin henry 0001;stephen d. fried
informs j. comput.,george l. nemhauser;w. david kelton;barry l. nelson;john w. chinneck;sheldon h. jacobson;bruce l. golden;warren b. powell;gilbert laporte;martin w. p. savelsbergh;harvey j. greenberg
institute of computing, university of campinas, campinas, brazil,anderson rocha 0001;michael eckmann;jacques wainer;siome goldenstein
int. j. adapt. resilient auton. syst.,hui zhang;jaafar gaber;muddesar iqbal;christian esposito;ning gui;chris blondia;xinheng wang 0001;gianluca mazzini;moisés simões piedade;vincenzo de florio
int. j. adv. comp. techn.,mohammad teshnehlab;nitin 0001;m. s. saleem basha;p. dhavachelvan;seong-hun ahn;jingtao zhou;yonsik lee;sook-young choi;ali h. hamad;haider fakher radhi al-saidy
int. j. algebra comput.,vladimir n. remeslennikov;john rhodes;olga kharlampovich;alexei g. myasnikov;benjamin steinberg;jean-camille birget;pedro v. silva;jorge almeida 0001;mark v. sapir;derek f. holt
int. j. appl. cryptogr.,duncan s. wong;robert h. deng;qiong huang;mikkel krøigaard;c. pandu rangan;kaoru kurosawa;arjen k. lenstra;keita emura;ivan damgård;somitra kumar sanadhya
int. j. appl. math. comput. sci.,didier theilliol;vincent cocquempot;guisheng zhai;vicenç puig;krishnan balachandran;jerzy klamka;dominique sauter;tadeusz kaczorek;mietek a. brdys;josé ragot
int. j. appl. pattern recognit.,pedro martins 0003;l. joyprakash singh;shiv ram dubey;alex pappachen james;virendra p. vishwakarma;pawan kumar singh;ram sarkar;mita nasipuri;subhash chand agrawal;anand singh jalal
int. j. autom. control.,mansour souissi;a. n. ouda;quang phuc ha;badre bossoufi;subrata banerjee;pravat kumar rout;nitaigour-premchand mahalik;g. saravana kumar;ahmad taher azar;moustafa el-gindy
int. j. chemoinformatics chem. eng.,ali rahmouni;arash montazeri;gloria castellano;nelly l. jorge;eduardo a. castro;mohammad ali salehi;francisco torrens;somnath pal;ramón garcía-domenech;faig bakhman ogli naghiyev
int. j. cloud appl. comput.,guanxiong xu;akashdeep bhardwaj;sana'a nawaf al-nsour;arnab mitra 0001;anirban kundu;ghalem belalem;sanjay p. ahuja;p. sasikala;sudhansu shekhar patra;chunlin ji
int. j. commun. syst.,sanjay dhar roy;petros nicopolitidis;georgios i. papadimitriou;joel j. p. c. rodrigues;hongjun xu 0001;mohammad s. obaidat;christos bouras;hsiao-hwa chen;wenbo wang 0007;sudip misra
int. j. comput. math.,r. k. mohanty 0001;ting-zhu huang;david j. evans 0001;mehdi dehghan 0002;xingping sheng;cornelis w. oosterlee;a. r. yaakub;mohan k. kadalbajoo;ke chen 0002;jorge eduardo macías-díaz
int. j. comput. math. learn.,lulu healy;richard noss;michal yerushalmy;uri wilensky;nathalie sinclair;chronis kynigos;michael eisenberg;celia hoyles;e. paul goldenberg;dave pratt
int. j. comput. sci. eng.,stefan turek;p. krishna reddy;shwu-huey yen;kuan-ching li;xiaoyun xia;timothy k. shih;punam bedi;subhash bhalla;hong zhang;huimin lu
int. j. comput. sci. sport,stefan göbel 0001;peter g. o'donoghue;daniel memmert;martin lames;larry katz;arnold baca;jürgen perl;jürgen edelmann-nusser;kerstin witte;josef wiemeyer
int. j. comput. simul.,carl mccrosky;john a. miller;giorgio casinovi;h. l. graham;sudhakar yalamanchili;chu-hua kuei;christian n. madu;patrick w. dowd;yi-bing lin;darrell d. e. long
int. j. comput. support. collab. learn.,gerry stahl;friedrich w. hesse;baruch b. schwarz;nikol rummel;carolyn penstein rosé;sten r. ludvigsen;armin weinberger;frank fischer 0001;ulrike cress;nancy law
int. j. concept. struct. smart appl.,bonnie s. urquhart;mark-oliver reiser;simon andrews;wim laurier;nwagwu honour chika;henrik von scheel;simon polovina;john a. zachman;harry s. delugach;mark von rosing
int. j. cooperative inf. syst.,matthias jarke;schahram dustdar;frank leymann;paul w. p. j. grefen;stefanie rinderle-ma;avigdor gal;john mylopoulos;patrick van bommel;mike p. papazoglou;wil m. p. van der aalst
int. j. creative comput.,asad ali;ian turner 0001;sudhesh kumar;jerry fishenden;emmanuel tsekleves;wei li 0022;john cosmas;john oyekan;andrew hugill;hongji yang
int. j. e adopt.,paul lam;pi-fang hsu;thurasamy ramayah;adeyinka tella;hany abdelghaffar;yi-fen chen;chia-wen tsai;chandana r. unnithan;olusegun folorunso;pei-di shen
int. j. e health medical commun.,aura ganz;anthony fleury;norbert noury;sandip bisui;weider d. yu;tati l. r. mengko;lamia chaari;ahmed mehaoua;lotfi kamoun;malay kishore dutta
int. j. energy optim. eng.,alireza aslani;subrata banerjee;susanta dutta;sandeep chakravorty;sourav paul;vincent anayochukwu ani;amitava ray;hassan bevrani;v. a. stennikov;provas kumar roy
int. j. game based learn.,stefan göbel 0001;matthew l. jensen;javier elizondo;ralf steinmetz;claude h. miller;david j. brown 0001;yu-hao lee;sara de freitas;dietrich albert;scott n. wilson
int. j. grid util. comput.,hui li 0006;alessandra de benedictis;makoto takizawa 0001;rao mikkilineni;umberto villano;leonard barolli;tomoya enokido;edward david moreno;massimiliano rak;giovanni morana
int. j. handheld comput. res.,wen-chen hu;yanjun zuo;fan wu;wamadeva balachandran;ziad hunaiti;seok ju lee;chung-han chen;oscar mayora;keith cheverst;jongil lim
int. j. inf. priv. secur. integr.,kailas patil;jiangtao li 0001;joseph shelton;kaushik roy 0003;justin zhan;j. jenny li;nancy r. mead;frank ono;rayhanur rahman;olayemi mikail olaniyi
int. j. inf. qual.,heather maguire;zbigniew j. gackowski;alexander borek;angélica caro;philip woodall;barbara d. klein;coral calero;latif al-hakim;markus helfert;yi maggie guo
int. j. inf. sec.,michael backes 0001;elisa bertino;yi mu 0001;willy susilo;colin boyd;jianying zhou 0001;stefanos gritzalis;nigel p. smart;fabio martinelli;robert h. deng
int. j. inf. syst. serv. sect.,nuri basoglu;tugrul u. daim;baghdad atmani;mian m. ajmal;yair levy;yawei wang;ruben xing;abey kuruvilla;lawrence f. cunningham;sidi mohamed benslimane
int. j. inf. syst. soc. chang.,maged akel;jamal younes omran;jeffrey hsu;zhongxian wang;sean b. eom;francisco chia cua;louis-marie ngamassi tchouakeu;helinä melkas;badreya al-jenaibi;mohamed ridda laouar
int. j. intell. games simul.,pieter spronck;padraig cunningham;catherine cavagnaro;john tiller;yoshihiro okada;léon j. m. rothkrantz;begoña garcía zapirain;ida g. sprinkhuizen-kuyper;ian wright;roman v. yampolskiy
int. j. intell. sci.,darina koch;zhongzhi shi;zhi-long dai;jinpeng yue;elke van der meer;manja foth;steffen landgraf;ann pannekamp;gesa schaadt;reinhard beyer
int. j. intell. syst. technol. appl.,kazuhiro morita;ahmed asif shaik;xiaoqi chen;nkgatho sylvester tlale;wei liang xu;glen bright;masao fuketa;ruili wang;loulin huang;j. geoffrey chase
int. j. interact. commun. syst. technol.,nicole l. muscanell;corinne weisgerber;peter mechant;shahizan hassan;bradley m. okdie;kelly kaufhold;christopher j. carpenter;eun jeong lee;norshuhada shiratuddin;rosanna e. guadagno
int. j. internet protoc. technol.,zhixiang hou;alex galis;han-chieh chao;ibrahim kamel;antonio fernandez gómez-skarmeta;zhichao wang;jung-shyr wu;masayuki murata;donghui guo;liang tang
int. j. knowl. discov. bioinform.,sujata dash;clyde f. phelix;oruganty krishnadev;qinli yang;brojo kishore mishra;george perry;narayanaswamy srinivasan;sanjaya kumar panda;allen k. bourdon;greg villareal
int. j. mob. commun.,keng-boon ooi;june wei;alain yee-loong chong;yaobin lu;upkar varshney;binshan lin;stuart j. barnes;kai s. koong;dong-hee shin;george m. giaglis
int. j. multim. intell. secur.,xiangyang luo;zhenyong chen;sandeep k. sood;fenlin liu;wei fan 0004;manfred hauswirth;mohammed ismail 0001;steeve morin;d. manjula;zhang xiong
int. j. netw. manag.,katherine jones;anna hac;gilbert held;nathan j. muller;james aweya;saad haj bakry;michel ouellette;jesper nilausen;james won-ki hong;delfin y. montuno
int. j. online mark.,stuart j. barnes;vandana ahuja;ali ahmed abdelkader;raja yahya al sharief;chen-ya wang;hatem el-gohary;riyad eid;yanbin tu;amira trabelsi zoghlami;savdeep vasudeva
int. j. secur. softw. eng.,wouter joosen;riccardo scandariato;shareeful islam;nancy r. mead;per håkon meland;khaled m. khan;nobukazu yoshioka;hossain shahriar;haruhiko kaiya;martin gilje jaatun
int. j. sens. networks,yang xiao;guihai chen;yang xiao 0001;weili wu;yu-chee tseng;hsiao-hwa chen;deying li 0001;victor c. m. leung;yucai zhou;tong wang 0005
int. j. sociotechnology knowl. dev.,carlos scheel;elayne w. coakes;katta rama mohana rao;monique janneck;kennedy d. gunawardana;chris william callaghan;chandra sekhar patro;ken eason;m. gordon hunter;peter a. c. smith
int. j. softw. innov.,teruhisa hochin;seiya okubo;hiroki nomiya;yuji iwahori;naohiro ishii;kazunori iwata 0001;masahide nakamura;sachio saiki;mitsuo wakatsuki;tetsuro nishino
int. j. virtual real.,mohd shahrizal sunar;michitaka hirose;jean-marie burkhardt;jesús ibáñez-martínez;frank hülsken;nadia magnenat-thalmann;christian eckes;lin shi;gerard jounghyun kim;zhiliang wang
int. j. web inf. syst.,mohammed sadgal;tran khanh dang;toshiyuki amagasa;hiroyuki kitagawa;fatos xhafa;akiyo nadamoto;angela carrillo ramos;werner winiwarter;leonard barolli;jaime a. pavlich-mariscal
inteligencia artif.,antonio bahamonde;guillermo ricardo simari;federico barber;rafael m. gasca;ana garcía-serrano;guillermo leguizamón;georgina stegmayer;juan antonio ortega 0001;lawrence mandow;diego h. milone
intell. decis. technol.,valentina emilia balas;george a. tsihrintzis;d. jude hemanth;pandian vasant;ning chen 0003;maria virvou;andrzej czyzewski;lakhmi c. jain;yukio ohsawa;bernardete ribeiro
intell. serv. robotics,hyungpil moon;jae-bok song;young hun lee;hyouk ryeol choi;gitae kang;wan kyun chung;il hong suh;nak young chong;won suk you;byung-ju yi
intell. syst. account. finance manag.,ingoo han;clyde w. holsapple;ronald r. yager;wing lon ng;daniel e. o'leary;salim lahmiri;kun chang lee;jae kyu lee;peter sarlin;brad s. trinkle
international encyclopedia of statistical science,sander greenland;vassiliy simchera;nitis mukhopadhyay;juan carlos abril;jürgen pilz;miodrag lovric;tarald o. kvålseth;czeslaw stepniak;susan r. wilson;chris p. tsokos
internet math.,paul horn;paolo boldi;alan m. frieze;colin cooper;jeannette c. m. janssen;fan r. k. chung;linyuan lu;pawel pralat;anthony bonato;nelly litvak
internet things,daniel minoli;maarten weyn;noura faci;zakaria maamar;keita matsuo;emir ugljanin;peter hellinckx;siegfried mercelis;makoto ikeda;leonard barolli
ipsj trans. syst. lsi des. methodol.,hideharu amano;nozomu togawa;masao yanagisawa;hiroaki takada;yusuke matsunaga;kenshu seto;hiroyuki tomiyama;masahiro fujita;hidetoshi onodera;shinya honda
isdt,xiaoquan xu;achim jung;yixiang chen;xiangnan zhou;weng kin ho;wenfeng zhang;qingguo li;guo-qiang zhang 0001;luoshan xu;dongsheng zhao
isprs int. j. geo inf.,alexander zipf;peter van oosterom;thomas blaschke;xinyue ye;tinghua ai;jun chen;qing zhu;jiping liu;chengming li;jian wang
iwbs report,egon börger;christoph beierle;thomas ludwig 0001;stefan böttcher;toni bollinger;stefan j. schierholz;peter h. schmitt;ulrike schwall;udo pletat;ulrich hedtstück
j. am. soc. inf. sci.,bert r. boyce;f. w. lancaster;leo egghe;terrence a. brooks;abraham bookstein;donald h. kraft;charles h. davis;charles t. meadow;lois f. lunin;gerard salton
j. appl. comput. topol.,peter bubenik;peter franek;michael j. catanzaro;rachel levanger;clément maria;robert ghrist;facundo mémoli;sergio rajsbaum;bei wang;jean-daniel boissonnat
j. assoc. inf. sci. technol.,bert r. boyce;blaise cronin;leo egghe;hsinchun chen;lutz bornmann;loet leydesdorff;ying ding 0001;carol l. barry;ronald rousseau 0001;mike thelwall
j. biomed. semant.,georgios v. gkoutos;yongqun he;dietrich rebholz-schuhmann;nigam h. shah;cui tao;robert hoehndorf;robert stevens 0001;yu lin;michel dumontier;christopher j. mungall
j. braz. comput. soc.,carlos josé pereira de lucena;clarisse sieckenius de souza;jayme luiz szwarcfiter;hugo fuks;maria cristina ferreira de oliveira;josé carlos maldonado;markus endler;carlos camarão;fabio kon;anna helena reali costa
j. cloud comput.,zaheer abbas khan;shikharesh majumdar;samuel a. ajila;xianghan zheng;ashiq anjum;dave cliff;chung-horng lung;nick antonopoulos;chunming rong;martin gilje jaatun
j. comb. theory, ser. b,nicolas trotignon;yan wang;carsten thomassen;paul d. seymour;kristina vuskovic;xingxing yu;marko radovanovic;dawei he;jie han 0002;jim geelen
j. comput. inf. syst.,girish h. subramanian;stuart j. barnes;s. e. kruck;keng siau;alex koohang;alain yee-loong chong;robert j. mills;binshan lin;alan r. peslak;joanna paliszkiewicz
j. convergence inf. technol.,v. vasudevan;zhimin yang;qian zhu;anirban kundu;debajyoti mukhopadhyay;xian-yi cheng;yajun du;maotian luan;jürgen geiser;il seok ko
j. data semant.,biswanath dutta;ladjel bellatreche;dejing dou;faïez gargouri;andrea marrella;paolo ceravolo;tijs slaats;fabrizio maria maggi;panos vassiliadis;yannis velegrakis
j. digit. forensic pract.,philip craiger;michael losavio;peter henry;gary c. kessler;christopher marberry;judie mulholland;mark pollitt;jonathan matusitz;rayford b. vaughn;paul burke
j. econ. theory,tapan mitra;drew fudenberg;massimo marinacci;lars ehlers;christopher p. chambers;yeneng sun;randall wright;william h. sandholm;matthew o. jackson;dirk bergemann
j. electronic imaging,edward j. delp;shen-chuan tai;hong yan 0001;wilfried philips;xiaohai he;edward r. dougherty;jan p. allebach;robert p. loce;rangaraj m. rangayyan;alessandro rizzi
j. embed. comput.,alberto macii;zili shao;norbert wehn;peifeng zhang;henk corporaal;james h. anderson;francky catthoor;dimitrios soudris;pierfrancesco foglia;edwin hsing-mean sha
j. exp. theor. artif. intell.,selmer bringsjord;eliezer l. lozinskii;eric dietrich;chris a. fields;hongwei wang;henry hexmoor;chris fields;mark h. bickhard;ahmad mozaffari;stefano bistarelli
j. geogr. inf. syst.,giorgos mountrakis;zhanya xu;gomaa m. dawod;wei-bin zhang;xincai wu;wen zeng;wenyou fan;shiwu xu;zhong xie;vivek kumar singh 0002
j. geogr. syst.,michael f. goodchild;morton e. o'kelly;alan t. murray;daniel a. griffith;harry j. p. timmermans;yee leung;geoffrey m. jacquez;barry boots;james p. lesage;antonio páez
j. inf. hiding multim. signal process.,zhe-ming lu;hongfeng zhu;qiu-yu zhang;jeng-shyang pan 0001;chin-chen chang 0001;shoulin yin;xingsi xue;shu-chuan chu;hsiang-cheh huang;qun ding
j. inf. sci. eng.,wei-ho tsai;wei-pang yang;arbee l. p. chen;shian-shyong tseng;kuo-liang chung;deng-jyi chen;po-jen chuang;kuo-chin fan;feng-jian wang;chin-chen chang 0001
j. inf. secur. appl.,bibhudendra acharya;karen renaud;sheetal kalra;willy susilo;manoj singh gaur;sourav mukhopadhyay;leandros a. maglaras;dheerendra mishra;kazuhiro ogata 0001;debiao he
j. inf. technol. theory appl.,oliver thomas;rené riedl;darshana sedera;maximilian röglinger;carol hsu 0001;jan vom brocke;ken peffers;tuure tuunanen;julia kroenung;marcus a. rothenberger
j. innov. digit. ecosyst.,alexander beck;tarek moulahi;nicolas tsapatsoulis;lamri laouamer;philippe roose;mohammed alodib;mohamed gasmi;rachid beghdad;dimitrios tzovaras;yannis manolopoulos
j. integr. des. process. sci.,tetsuo tomiyama;gaetano cascini;eric coatanéa;imre horváth;serena graziosi;thanh an nguyen;kyoung-yun kim;varadraj prabhu gurupur;yong zeng;stephen ekwaro-osire
j. intell. fuzzy syst.,madhumangal pal;bijan davvaz;jianming zhan;rajab ali borzooei;arsham borumand saeid;cengiz kahraman;saleem abdullah;fu-gui shi;peide liu;muhammad akram 0001
j. intell. robotic syst.,miomir vukobratovic;igor skrjanc;frank l. lewis;spyros g. tzafestas;kimon p. valavanis;youmin zhang 0001;sergio salazar;aníbal ollero;rogelio lozano;tarek m. sobh
j. intell. transp. syst.,randolph w. hall;bin ran;yinhai wang;mohamed a. abdel-aty;haitham al-deek;h.-s. jacob tsao;kan chen;steven e. shladover;asad j. khattak;baher abdulhai
j. internet serv. appl.,markus endler;valérie issarny;luís veiga;wouter joosen;raouf boutaba;fabio kon;edmundo roberto mauro madeira;marco autili;paulo ferreira 0001;gordon s. blair
j. log. algebraic methods program.,gerardo schneider;rudolf berghammer;bernhard möller;josé meseguer;martin steffen;peter höfner;luca aceto;michael winter 0001;georg struth;olaf owe
j. log. program.,manuel v. hermenegildo;john w. lloyd;michael codish;michael j. maher;david scott warren;danny de schreye;pascal van hentenryck;maurice bruynooghe;kim marriott;saumya k. debray
j. mach. learn. res.,klaus-robert müller;alexander j. smola;chih-jen lin;francis r. bach;bernhard schölkopf;tong zhang 0001;martin j. wainwright;michael i. jordan;shai shalev-shwartz;yoram singer
j. nonlinear sci.,jian-guo liu 0006;jiahong wu;andrew j. majda;edriss s. titi;robert v. kohn;juncheng wei;arnd scheel;eva kanso;françois gay-balmaz;darryl d. holm
j. num. math.,boris n. khoromskij;stefan turek;serge nicaise;rolf rannacher;guido kanschat;yuri a. kuznetsov;franz-theo suttmeier;roland glowinski;ronald h. w. hoppe;sergey i. repin
j. priv. confidentiality,dan kifer;christine m. o'keefe;cynthia dwork;alan f. karr;stephen e. fienberg;jerome p. reiter;natalie shlomo;john m. abowd;aleksandra b. slavkovic;marco gaboardi
j. quantum inf. sci.,tahira haroon;khalid a. ahmad;xiao-dong chen;sandip k. rajak;saeed n. t. al-rashid;kaoping song;he-zhou wang;shiro ishikawa;moteaa el-deftar;a. zeb
j. robotics,xiliang ma;ivo bukovsky;noriyasu homma;kazuhiko terashima;qun sun;madan m. gupta;songmin jia;dongjie zhao;george k. i. mann;yong song
j. sci. res.,ronald n. kostoff;sujit bhattacharya 0001;brij mohan gupta;basavaraj shivappa kademani;ashish gosain;bidyarthi dutta;ritu gupta;anup kumar das;s. m. dhawan;anasua mukherjee das
j. semant.,alex lascarides;anthony j. sanford;robert van rooij;sigrid beck;jacopo romoli;bart geurts;kees van deemter;emmanuel chemla;nicholas asher;henk zeevat
j. sens. technol.,riichi murayama;rajarshi krishna nath;sanjay patil;pramod patil;shiquan tao;shashwati sen;shailesh pawar;manik chougule;vikas patil;bharat raut
j. virtual real. broadcast.,paul fedoroff;stéphane bouchard;bernhard jung 0001;thorsten thormählen;daniel thalmann;christoph pörschmann;frank steinicke;gerd bruder;hans-peter seidel;martin kraus
j. vis. commun. image represent.,kuo-liang chung;gangyi jiang;weisi lin;guangming shi;chang-su kim;ming-ting sun;c.-c. jay kuo;ching-nung yang;wen gao 0001;mei yu 0001
jasis,maryellen c. sievert;don r. swanson;lois f. lunin;norman howden;roy rada;christine l. borgman;bert r. boyce;marion j. ball;f. w. lancaster;richard i. blue
kdd cup,wei-shih lin;cheng-hao tsai;hsuan-tien lin;chun-sung ferng;shou-de lin;chen-tse tsai;jianjun xie;gideon dror;chih-jen lin;tsung-ting kuo
knowl. eng. data sci.,darusalam darusalam;rayner alfred;binti umayah;wayan firdaus mahmudy;hozairi hozairi;haviluddin;ahmad azhari;harits ar rosyid;aji prasetya wibawa;amelia ritahani ismail
kybernetika,vladimír kucera;ivan kramosil;karel sladký;radko mesiar;ludvík prouza;krishnan balachandran;jan ámos vísek;igor vajda;milan mares;jirí andel
lagos,celina m. h. de figueiredo;gabriel coutinho;javier marenco;márcia r. cappelle;carla negri lintzmayer;maycon sambinelli;carlos hoppen;guilherme oliveira mota;simone dantas;erika m. m. coelho
lilog-memo,michael herweg;jörg heinrich;klaus rehkämper;simone pribbenow;mohammed nadjib khenkhar;gosse bouma;birgit wesche;josef gemander;brigitte bartsch-spörl;jan wilms
lilog-report,rudi studer;birgit wesche;bernd walter;claus-rainer rollinger;christopher habel;peter h. schmitt;christoph beierle;udo pletat;thomas ludwig 0001;helmar gust
linguamática,xavier gómez guinovart;jorge baptista;alberto simões;diana santos;hugo gonçalo oliveira;alberto manuel brandão simões;pablo gamallo 0001;juan-manuel torres-moreno;cristina mota;gerardo sierra
logidata+: deductive databases with complex objects,letizia tanca;silvio salza;anna formica;francesca cesarini;stefano ceri;alessandro artale;domenico saccà;giovanni soda;claudio sartori 0001;paolo atzeni
lsfa,vivek nigam;mauricio ayala-rincón;edward hermann haeusler;sheila r. m. veloso;mario r. f. benevides;elaine pimentel;maribel fernández;carlos olarte;fairouz kamareddine;ana teresa c. martins
mach. learn. knowl. extr.,zohreh akbari;md. tamjidul hoque;raydonal ospina;dimitra gkatzia;matthias dehmer;avdesh mishra;frank emmert-streib;nada lavrac;nasser kehtarnavaz;mario manzo
machine learning and knowledge extraction,carl leake;neda hajiakhoond bidoki;gita sukthankar;muhammad asif manzoor;daniele mortari;duaa mohammad alawad;marco körner 0001;laura alejandra martínez-tejada;kaixu yang;avdesh mishra
manag. sci.,christian terwiesch;anindya ghose;elena katok;gérard p. cachon;lorin m. hitt;serguei netessine;teck-hua ho;scott shane;michael f. gorman;achal bassamboo
math. program. comput.,jean-paul watson;laurent poirrier;sebastian sager;kim-chuan toh;hans d. mittelmann;giacomo nannicini;matteo fischetti;domenico salvagnin;ricardo fukasawa;moritz diehl
meltdownattack.com,moritz lipp;thomas prescher 0002;daniel genkin;paul kocher;michael schwarz 0001;daniel gruss;stefan mangard;werner haas 0004;mike hamburg;yuval yarom
mfps,achim jung;michael w. mislove;paul blain levy;rasmus ejlers møgelberg;bart jacobs 0001;john power;lars birkedal;stephen brookes;j. robin b. cockett;stephen d. brookes
mlsb,juho rousu;saso dzeroski;antti airola;ivica slavkov;sofie van landeghem;andrás falus;gábor hullám;tomaz curk;giorgio valentini;blaz zupan
mobile computing handbook,abdelsalam helal;rebecca montanari;paolo bellavista;ben lee;antonio corradi;chansu yu;margaret h. dunham;daniel p. siewiorek;amy l. murphy;gruia-catalin roman
modeling and simulation-based systems engineering handbook,sixuan wang;alessandra pieroni;sam macbeth;daniele gianni;alessandro pellegrini 0001;niva wengrowicz;moe thandar wynn;stefan rybacki;andrea d'ambrogio;andreas tolk
netw. commun. technol.,bryan moore;sanjay p. ahuja;boniface k. alese;m. shamim kaiser;colin t. schmidt;sindhu mani;abubakar s. magaji;aderonke f. thompson;bin yan;ignatius k. okakwu
netw. secur.,steve mansfield-devine;tim erridge;karen renaud;colin tankard;danny bradbury;paul german;steven furnell;akashdeep bhardwaj;tracey caldwell;steve gold
network performance engineering,david remondo;udo r. krieger;karel de vogeleer;michele pagano;is-haka mkwawa;demetres d. kouvatsos;adrian popescu 0002;dragos ilie;zhili sun;markus fiedler
networks heterog. media,michael herty;pierre degond;alexandre m. bayen;rinaldo m. colombo;leonid berlyand;seung-yeal ha;benedetto piccoli;paola goatin;simone göttlich;kenneth h. karlsen
neural comput. appl.,ahmed el-shafie 0001;ajith abraham;john macintyre;ahmad taher azar;chuandong li 0001;shifei ding;mansour sheikhan;tasawar hayat;muhammad asif zahoor raja;tingwen huang
neuroinformatics,david n. kennedy;hanchuan peng;dinggang shen;stephen t. c. wong;gordon m. shepherd;giorgio a. ascoli;perry l. miller;maryann e. martone;tianming liu;erik de schutter
nips causality: objectives and assessment,klaus-robert müller;karen sachs;nicole krämer 0002;zhi geng;a. philip dawid;mesrob i. ohannessian;constantin f. aliferis;guido nolte;alexander r. statnikov;dominik janzing
nips mini-symposium on causality in time series,nadine chlass;xun lu;karim chalak;florin popescu;doris entner;halbert white;constantin f. aliferis;alard roebroeck;patrik o. hoyer;alessio moneta
omics,ambuj k. singh;joseph h. nadeau;peter li;christopher j. lee;frank olken;peter m. schwarz;michael m. gorlick;daniel p. miranker;david maier 0001;h. v. jagadish
online inf. rev.,chih-fong tsai;mike thelwall;péter jacsó;jin-cheon na;martha e. williams;david stuart;chei sian lee;gary e. gorman;dion hoe-lian goh;alan d. smith
open j. big data,christophe ponsard;gary b. wills;robert john walters;gottfried vossen;k. chandra sekaran;gunter saake;ujjal marjit;muthu ramachandran;hong lin;victor chang 0001
open syst. inf. dyn.,andrei yu. khrennikov;lingen chen;michal horodecki;luigi accardi;giuseppe marmo;chih wu;masanori ohya;dariusz chruscinski;andrzej kossakowski;francesco petruccione
optim. methods softw.,andrea walther;francesca guerriero;panos m. pardalos;trond steihaug;andreas griewank;masao fukushima;ya-xiang yuan;philippe l. toint;marco sciandrone;tamás terlaky
order,peter c. fishburn;gábor czédli;miguel couceiro;william t. trotter;guram bezhanishvili;bernd s. w. schröder;stefan felsner;john harding;ivan chajda;erkko lehtonen
peer-to-peer communications,john lions
pers. ubiquitous comput.,zhiwen yu 0001;elhadi m. shakshuki;kyung-yong chung;gerhard tröster;matt jones 0001;alan chamberlain;elise van den hoven;yunchuan sun;andy crabtree;rongfang bie
photonic netw. commun.,hanyi zhang;krishna m. sivalingam;jie zhang 0006;anshi xu;didier colle;xiaoping zheng;lemin li;piet demeester;mario pickavet;biswanath mukherjee
polytech. open libr. int. bull. inf. technol. sci.,romeo urbieta parrazales;israel rivera-zárate;elizabeth acosta-gonzaga;juan carlos gonzález robles;jesús antonio álvarez-cedillo;juan carlos herrera-lozada;mauricio olguín-carbajal;eduardo vega-alvarado;alexander f. gelbukh;patricia pérez romero
proc. acm meas. anal. comput. syst.,alexandre proutière;ness b. shroff;jian tan;benny van houdt;mor harchol-balter;adam wierman;saugata ghose;ziv scully;mahmut taylan kandemir;onur mutlu
proc. acm program. lang.,deepak garg 0001;gilles barthe;simon peyton jones;krishnendu chatterjee;jan vitek;robbert krebbers;isil dillig;benjamin c. pierce;derek dreyer;viktor vafeiadis
public libr. q.,elizabeth e. bingham;john carlo bertot;leslie edmonds holt;joseph r. matthews;glen e. holt;carl grant;alex krentzin;naomi e. hafter;bryan a. waters;richard l. waters
r j.,heike hofmann;muhammad aslam;marta sestelo;robin k. s. hankin;g. brooke anderson;gerard b. m. heuvelink;edzer j. pebesma;klaus nordhausen;dianne cook;saima altaf
real time imaging,kuo-liang chung;nasser kehtarnavaz;rastislav lukac;ling guan;luciano da fontoura costa;paolo nesi;alberto broggi;shan suthaharan;phillip a. laplante;yongmin kim 0001
recommender systems handbook,nikos manouselis;xavier amatriain;michael p. o'mahony;marco de gemmis;gediminas adomavicius;alexander felfernig;judith masthoff;markus zanker;giovanni semeraro;pasquale lops
reliab. comput.,günter mayer;luc jaulin;lubomir v. kolev;sergey p. shary;olga kosheleva;vyacheslav m. nesterov;r. baker kearfott;vladik kreinovich;luc longpré;scott a. starks
remote. sens.,shunlin liang;liangpei zhang;mehrez zribi;licheng jiao;yanfei zhong;nicolas baghdadi;clement atzberger;qinhuo liu;juha hyyppä;claudia kuenzer
research report / g / ibm / cambridge scientific center,raymond a. lorie
research report / rj / ibm / san jose, california,michel e. adiba;robert s. arnold;raymond f. boyce;jim gray 0001;george markowsky;jean-marc cadiou;bruce g. lindsay 0001;h. raymond strong;e. f. codd;irving l. traiger
rev. avances en sistemas informática,carlos mario zapata jaramillo;angela carrillo ramos;julián moreno cadavid;jaime alberto guzmán luna;césar a. collazos 0001;martín darío arango serna;john william branch;jovani a. jiménez b.;demetrio arturo ovalle carranza;juan david velásquez henao
rev. d'intelligence artif.,laurent vercouter;carole adam;maxime morge;françois charpillet;flavien balbo;philippe mathieu;olivier boissier;nicolas sabouret;grégory bonnet;patrick brézillon
rev. iberoam. de tecnol. del aprendiz.,antonio sarasa cabezuelo;xabiel g. pañeda;manuel castro;francisco josé garcía-peñalvo;manuel caeiro rodríguez;inmaculada plaza garcía;gabriel díaz;baltasar fernández-manjón;edmundo tovar;martín llamas nistal
risk decis. anal.,charles s. tapiero;alain bensoussan 0001;john j. liu;george papanicolaou;lorne n. switzer;s. p. yung;bertrand munier;tak kuen siu;philip maymin;alexander melnikov
scand. j. inf. syst.,matti rossi;ola henfridsson;jesper simonsen;susanne bødker;carsten sørensen;karlheinz kautz;eric monteiro;bo dahlbom;lars mathiassen;tone bratteteig
sci. eng. ethics,neelke doorn;luciano floridi;stephanie j. bird;shane connelly;michael d. mumford;jaime a. teixeira da silva;raymond e. spier;kewal krishan;tanuj kanchan;david b. resnik
secur. informatics,robert moskovitch;uffe kock wiil;yuval elovici;h. raghav rao;sadie creese;frank l. greitzer;richard colbaugh;kristin glass;bronwyn woods;fredrik johansson
semantic web,marta sabou;axel polleres;axel-cyrille ngonga ngomo;stefan schlobach;pascal hitzler;aldo gangemi;krzysztof janowicz;sören auer;jens lehmann 0001;óscar corcho
siam j. optim.,paul tseng;defeng sun;xiaojun chen 0001;xi yin zheng;kim-chuan toh;jorge nocedal;kung fu ng;chong li;renato d. c. monteiro;boris s. mordukhovich
sics softw.-intensive cyber phys. syst.,guido wirtz;willem-jan van den heuvel;uwe breitenbücher;ghareeb falazi;michael behringer;jacopo soldani;frank leymann;holger schwarz;antonio brogi;michael falkenthal
sigarch comput. archit. news,norman p. jouppi;hideharu amano;amitabha sinha;mark thorson;mark d. hill;cosimo antonio prete;wayne luk;humayun khalid;alexander thomasian;david r. kaeli
sigplan notices,barbara h. liskov;stephen n. zilles
simul.,a. martin wildberger;mohammad s. obaidat;gabriel a. wainer;helen d. karatza;john mcleod;paul a. fishwick;ron belpedio;bernard p. zeigler;charles a. pratt;suzette mcleod
smart learn. environ.,ahmed tlili;ronghuai huang;nian-shing chen;ting-wen chang;hiroaki ogata;fathi essalmi;arif altun;kinshuk;mohamed jemni;michail n. giannakos
sn comput. sci.,saurabh pal;quang tran minh 0001;tran khanh dang;anuradha thimmapuram;ravin kumar;vitalian danciu;md. milon islam;van sinh nguyen;srinivasa rao gundu;charan arur panem
soc. choice welf.,donald g. saari;kotaro suzumura;marc fleurbaey;hans gersbach;maurice salles;franz dietrich;shmuel nitzan;m. remzi sanver;walter bossert;dominique lepelley
softw. eng. j.,barbara a. kitchenham;ian f. currie;alan burns;j. d. bovey;hugo simpson;andy j. wellings;jonathan walpole;c. m. worrall;mark b. ratcliffe 0001;jeff kramer
softw. microsystems,richard l. grimsdale;owen j. davies;owen davies;fred halsall;david hutchison;robin w. whitty;roy d. dowsing;john mcdermid;a. munro;p. w. foulk
space commun.,geoffrey hyde;alfred u. mac rae;michel bousquet;john v. evans;laurent castanet;naoto kadowaki;joseph n. pelton;guillaume carrie;joël lemorton;francesco delli priscoli
springer handbook of robotics,frank c. park;shuuji kajita;thor i. fossen;gaurav s. sukhatme;charles c. kemp;florent lamiraux;roman kuc;russell h. taylor;kenneth y. goldberg;su-hau hsu
springer handbook of robotics, 2nd ed.,jae-bok song;brian scassellati;shuuji kajita;kostas alexis;robert e. mahony;thor i. fossen;gaurav s. sukhatme;hugh herr;charles c. kemp;florent lamiraux
swee,arnon rosenthal
synth.,steven french;johan van benthem;igor douven;jaakko hintikka;luciano floridi;gabriel sandu;isaac levi;jon pérez laraudogoitia;duncan pritchard;gerhard schurz
taschenbuch der algorithmen,dorothea wagner;joachim gehweiler;peter rossmanith;peter liske;norbert blum;amin coja-oghlan;walter unger;raimund seidel;daniel warner;michael behrisch 0002
technical rep. uksc 0060, ibm united kingdom scientific centre,patrick a. v. hall
technical report,anderson rocha 0001;michael eckmann;jacques wainer;siome goldenstein
technol. knowl. learn.,kyung kim;benjamin e. erlandson;ryan s. baker;michael eisenberg;dirk ifenthaler;victor r. lee;uri wilensky;andrew a. tawfik;arthur c. graesser;patricia a. reynolds
technometrics,daniel w. apley;william q. meeker;v. roshan joseph;stan lipovetsky;eric r. ziegel;david m. steinberg;changliang zou;christopher j. nachtsheim;c. f. jeff wu;peihua qiu
text understanding in lilog,kai von luck;rudi studer;jürgen angele;birgit wesche;petra steffens;hans-joachim novak;roland seiffert;udo pletat;jochen dörre;tibor kiss
the handbook of mobile middleware,guanling chen;sean kelley;luís veiga;rittwik jana;shirshanka das;dineshbalu balakrishnan;amy l. murphy;spyros panagiotakis;giacomo cabri;markus endler
the practical handbook of internet computing,arun iyengar;erik wilde;munindar p. singh;eric s. k. yu;jennifer bigus;anees shaikh;renu tewari;rubén lara;r. michael young;erich m. nahum
the universal access handbook,julie a. jacko;stavroula ntoa;aaron marcus;dimitris grammenos;anthony savidis;constantine stephanidis;helen petrie;vicki l. hanson;gregg c. vanderheiden;alexandros mourouzis
the vlsi handbook,yuichi nakamura;naofumi takagi;krishna shenai;kuniyoshi yoshikawa;stephen i. long;charles r. baugh;suhrid a. wadekar;meera venkataraman;saburo muroga;bram de muer
trait. autom. des langues,denis maurel;yves lepage;pierre zweigenbaum;olivier ferret;françois yvon;jean-luc minel;jean-yves antoine;béatrice daille;emmanuel morin;philippe langlais
trans. comput. collect. intell.,b. john oommen;jacek mercik;cezary orlowski;artur ziólkowski;aleksander orlowski;witold pokrzywnicki;vito fragnelli;jan treur;pawel kaplanski;tomasz sitek
trans. edutainment,yunliang jiang;bin shao;woontack woo;kok wai wong;haiying zhao;hong chen;ming-liang cao;mingmin zhang;jianwen song;zhigeng pan
trans. pattern lang. program.,hironori washizaki;andreas rüping;andreas riegg;uwe breitenbücher;nermin kajtazovic;jari rauhamäki;lukas reinfurt;christoph hannebauer;frank leymann;christian kreiner
trans. sdps,murat m. tanik;azad m. madni;ryo kawabata;julia padberg;kiyoshi itoh;ali h. dogru;satoshi kumagai;tad gonsalves;yong zeng;atila ertas
university of california at berkeley,michael stonebraker
universität trier, mathematik/informatik, forschungsbericht,nguyen v. thoai;peter gritzmann;rainer tichatschke;anna slobodová;dieter baum;christoph meinel;klaus jansen;helmut seidl;lothar breuer;carsten damm
unmanned syst.,swee king phang;zhengtao ding;han wang 0001;yijie ke;lihua xie;feng lin 0003;youmin zhang 0001;ben m. chen;radhakant padhi;kevin z. y. ang
veh. commun.,abderrahmane lakas;sherali zeadally;hesham el-sayed;bilal r. qazi;rajeev tripathi;arun prakash;neeraj kumar 0001;joel j. p. c. rodrigues;andrea baiocchi;samya bhattacharya
vlsi design,isaak d. mayergoyz;asen asenov;bogdan j. falkowski;chien-in henry chen;paolo lugli;john r. barker;karl hess;carl l. gardner;chua-chin wang;umberto ravaioli
wapa,tom diethe;giorgio giacinto;bernhard pfahringer;zakria hussain;albert bifet;josé l. balcázar;geoff holmes 0001;nello cristianini;john shawe-taylor;alfons juan
wcci causation and prediction challenge,you zhou 0001;mehreen saeed;laura e. brown;jean-philippe pellet;peter spirtes;zhi geng;ping he;yin-wen chang;jianxin yin;constantin f. aliferis
web intell.,masoud makrehchi;xiaofei xu;laurent vercouter;xujuan zhou;yuefeng li;haoran xie 0001;xiaohui tao;li liu 0001;ning zhong 0001;lian li 0003
web intell. agent syst.,leen-kiat soh;laurent vercouter;yuefeng li;domenico ursino;victor r. lesser;jörg denzinger;tibor bosse;jan treur;peter-paul van maanen;hoong chuin lau
wiley encyclopedia of computer science and engineering,ning zhong 0001;david cope;alper yilmaz;qingping lin;k. c. hui;ali r. hurson;peter j. denning;liang zhang 0024;luqi;earl e. swartzlander jr.
wiley interdiscip. rev. data min. knowl. discov.,arthur zimek;ralf mikut;francisco herrera;joão gama;maría josé del jesus;sebastián ventura;jerry chun-wei lin;nagwa l. badr;mohamed medhat gaber;cristóbal romero
wrla,manuel clavel;francisco durán;peter borovanský;grit denker;josé meseguer;carolyn l. talcott;alberto verdejo;steven eker;hélène kirchner;narciso martí-oliet
yahoo! learning to rank challenge,tamás éltetö;qiang wu;olivier chapelle;christopher j. c. burges;györgy szarvas;krysta m. svore;igor kuralenok;yi chang 0001;balázs kégl;zheng chen
